# Project Description 
Cervical cancer is a largely preventable disease, yet over four thousand individuals are expected to die from cervical cancer in 2021 alone (American Cancer Society, 2021). The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) recommends Papanicolau (Pap) testing every three years for women aged 21 – 30 (USPSTF, 2016) in order to allow for early detection and treatment. Further, the main cause of cervical cancer is the human papillomavirus (HPV). The HPV vaccine is safe and effective at preventing cervical cancer (CDC, 2019b). The HPV vaccine is recommended for all children ages 11-12 years, and for those up to age 26 if not adequately vaccinated (CDC, 2020b). Systemic barriers to care exacerbate cervical cancer incidence disparities among certain populations including communities of color, LGBTQ+ identifying individuals, uninsured individuals, and migrant populations (Buskwofie et al., 2020; CDC, 2020a; Musselwhite et al., 2016; Spencer et al., 2019).

# Data Description
For this project, I will utilize the survey data from the 2014 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS)—an annual telephone survey that collects data on health-related risk behaviors and preventative health services (CDC, 2019a). This collection year includes optional modules that aimed to collect data using a reproductive justice lens including information on health care access, reactions to race, social context, sexual orientation and gender identity. We will also utilize select questions from the demographics module, including race/ethnicity, income level, marital status, education level, and employment status. 
	For the 2014 collection year, there is a combined dataset of landline and cellphone collection method. The combined dataset has three versions that will be utilized in this study: LLCP2014, LLCP14V1 and LLCP14V2. Each dataset includes data from the optional modules that will be utilized in the analysis, as they varied in use by state. The combined dataset that includes Versions 1 and 2 is roughly 51 MB. The dataset is available freely and publicly online for download in SAS Transport Format in order for the file to uploaded to other statistical software. Once this dataset is downloaded, I will need to make a working dataset to create new variables and conduct the statistical analyses. All datasets will be in .CSV files, therefore they can be uploaded to multiple statistical analysis software packages, including R Studio, where the analyses will be conducted. 

# Roles and responsibilities
As the lead graduate student on my dissertation project, I will be responsible for implementing the data management plan (DMP). My roles will include managing the data such as documenting and organizing any changes made to the data throughout analysis. I will be responsible for organizing, analyzing, communicating and publishing the data. My primary mentor and committee chair as well as another committee member who specializes in the analytic technique utilized in this study will also be able to access the data. Therefore, the data will be saved on my personal computer (password protected), an external hard drive, as well as OSU’s cloud service, Box. Proper documentation of data changes will be conferred with analytic specialist committee member as well to ensure the procedures can be understood and replicated for any potential future use. Upon project completion, the file will be continued to be saved on my personal computer, in order to ensure access even after departing from OSU and related cloud server. If I unexpectedly leave the project, my committee chair and primary advisor will manage the data storage on their personal computer and via OSU’s cloud server, Box. 

# Data standards and metadata
# Storage and security
This project utilizes a publicly available, free dataset that is de-identified. However, proper steps will be taken in order to ensure the analytic data is not shared before publication. In general, the working dataset and original dataset will be saved to my personal computer on the hard drive. There will be an additional copy saved to OSU’s secure cloud network, Box. Based on OSU’s Data Management and Classifications, I am using unrestricted data, therefore it is acceptable that the data is stored in Box. The Box folder will be on an automated syncing schedule on my personal computer to ensure a copy is saved to my laptop as well as the cloud. Further, once weekly I will upload the data set to a personal external hard drive, totaling 3 distinct locations for the data. I will utilize a date format (MM_DD_YY) when saving new versions of the dataset. Additional labels will be used as appropriate and necessary throughout analysis. 
# Access and data sharing
# Archiving and preservation
Upon project completion, the data will continue to be stored on my personal computer. A specific archival process will be determined at time of publication. Depending on the journal requirements and standards, the data utilized in analysis and analytic code will be shared. The dataset will be saved as a .csv file and any analytic code (e.g., R code) will be saved in .txt format in order to be utilized for future projects or investigations. 
